This snippet of code shows a get mapping from a
controller in a Spring MVC web application.
Notice that to use streams,
all we need to do is change the response body to a mono of type person and
then build the mono object using the just statement.
A Mono object is used when we want to return one single object,
but still want to do it using streams.
We would still want to use a stream to do this if we weren't sure how
responsive the call would be and also if we just wanted it to be
non-blocking and allow the UI thread to do other things while not
having to wait for this call to return.
Let's build a Spring MVC controller now and add this Mono return of a Person object.